main
attachment: scroll
page-height: 100vh
background: ../images/main.jpg
logo: ../images/l.png
logo-width: 189
logo-height: 136
logo-position: top left
font-size: 22px
header-size: 45px
font-family: 'Arial'
font-color: #dbdbdb
inf-block-width: 75%
inf-block-align: center
inf-block-v-align: center
main-text-size: 90px
main-text-color: white
effects: darken
header-color: white
columns: none

about-us
attachment: fixed
page-height: 100vh
background: white
effects: none
font-family: 'Arial'
header-size: 30px
header-color: #121113
main-text-size: 90px
main-text-color: #121113
font-size: 14px
font-color: #8c8783
inf-block-width: 60%
inf-block-align: center
inf-block-v-align: center
columns: 1
fl-bl-text-align: center
fl-bl-header-align: center
fl-image-position: top
fl-block-background: none
fl-single-image: none
fl-image-form: square

features
attachment: fixed
page-height: 100vh
background: white
effects: none
font-family: 'Arial'
header-size: 30px
header-color: #121113
main-text-size: 90px
main-text-color: black
font-size: 14px
font-color: #8c8783
inf-block-width: 60%
inf-block-align: center
inf-block-v-align: to-top
columns: 2
fl-bl-text-align: center
fl-bl-header-align: center
fl-image-position: top
fl-block-background: none
fl-single-image: none
fl-image-form: square